2 1. Blementary Theory of Probability,

the system of axioms and in the further development of the
theory, then the postulational concepts of a random event and
its probability seem the most suitable. There are other postula-
tional systems of the theory of probability, particularly those in
‘which the concept of probability is not treated as one of the basic.
‘concepts, but is itself expressed by means of other concepts.’
However, in that case, the aim is different, namely, to tie up as
closely as possible the mathematical theory with the empirical
development of the theory of probability.

$1. Axioms

Let 5 be a collection of elements é,», ¢,..., which we shall call
elementary events, and a set of subsets of H; the elements of
the set § will be called random events,

1. isa field of sets.
UL. § contains the set E.
IIL. To each set A in fis assigned a non-negative real number
P(A). This number P(A) is called the probability of the event A,
IV. P(E) equals 1.
V. If A and B have no element in common, then
P(A+B) =P(A) +P(B)

A system of sets, , together with a definite assignment of
numbers P(A), satisfying Axioms I-V, is called a field of prob-
ability.

Our system of Axioms I-V is consistent. This is proved by the
following example. Let E consist of the single element ¢ and let
consist of F and the null set 0. P(E) is then set equal to 1 and
P(O) equals 0.

For example, B. von Misea(1)and (2) and S. Bernstein (1).
The render who wishes from the outeet to give a concrete meaning to the
tataging eons i refered fo 8.

product of 4 and Bt
ip the general case

{$2 The Relation to Experimental Data 2

Our system of axioms is not, however, complete, for in various
problems in the theory of probability different fields of proba-
bility have to be examined.

‘The Construction of Fields of Probability. The simplest fields
of probability are constructed as follows. We take an arbitrary
finite set B= (2, &,...»a) and an arbitrary set (Pa. --~ Pu)
of non-negative numbers with the sum p.+ pst. .-+ Pe= 1.
{is taken as the set ofall subsets in E, and we put

PEE Baro bis) = A + Ba ton + Pe

In such cases, p,, Ps. .- » Py are called the probabilities of the
elementary events , é,- . .» & or simply elementary probabil
ties. In this way are derived all possible finite fields of probability
in which consists of the set of all subsets of E. (The field of
probability is called finite if the set £ is finite.) For further
‘examples see Chap. II, § 3.

§2. The Relation to Experimental Data

We apply the theory of probability to the actual world of
experiments in the following manner:

1) There is assumed a complex of conditions, 6, which allows
of any number of repetitions.

2) We study a definite set of events which could take place as
a result of the establishment of the conditions 6. In individual
cases where the conditions are realized, the events occur, gener-
ally, in different ways. Let E be the set of all possible variants
4, & « -- of the outcome of the given events. Some of these vari-
ants might in general not occur. We include in set all the vari-
ants which we regard a priori as possible.

3) If the variant of the events which has actually occurred

